deployment: adds content (#28)
Ada-Developers-Academy/core-unit-2: deployment/activity-deploying-to-heroku.md

# Activity: Deploying to Heroku

## Goal

Our goal is to practice deployment of our Flask APIs in a group setting. Deploying in a group setting allows us to share knowledge of deployment, and lets us debug in pairs or groups.

## Preparation

> The Hello Books API should be in a working state, such that running `$ flask run` does not produce any errors. To the best of your ability, you should check that no syntax errors, name errors, or other runtime errors can occur.

Reviewer: same removal of can
```suggestion
The Hello Books API should be in a working state, such that running `$ flask run` does not produce any errors. To the best of your ability, you should check that no syntax errors, name errors, or other runtime errors occur.
```

All code for Hello Books API should be pushed to GitHub.

The Solar System API should also be in a working state, and up-to-date on GitHub.

## Activity Instructions

1. Get into pairs or small groups

> 1. While using individual Hello Books API repos, as a pair/group, follow the "Deploying to Heroku" walkthrough step-by-step together

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. While using individual Hello Books API repos, as a pair/group, follow the "Deploying to Heroku" walk-through step-by-step together
```

1. When any errors or questions arise:
    - Write down what step/command just created the issue

>     - Write down how you observe the issue

Reviewer: tense consistency
```suggestion
    - Write down how you observed the issue
```

    - Pause, debug, and ask for help!

Then, answer the following questions with your pair or small group:

1. If you and/or your group had successful deployment, how did you and/or your group verify the deployment?
1. How would you describe the relationship between our projects, git, and Heroku?
1. Poke around the Heroku dashboard. What is a feature that looks interesting or curious?
1. How would you describe the overall development workflow, from the beginning of a project, to deployment?
1. How would you like to celebrate a successful deployment?

> If there is time, repeat this process with Solar System API.

Reviewer: My eyes kept skipping over this. Maybe a callout so that it is more visible?
Definitely please check the verbiage, as I encouraged students who didn't have time during the activity to still attempt the deployment on their own.

```suggestion
### !callout-info

## Repeat with Solar System API

Our skills improve with repetition. If there is time during the activity, repeat the deployment process with Solar System API. If there is _not_ time, deploy Solar System API as an individual activity.

### !end-callout
```
